BETA Patch Notes (#4940)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

* **New Resource:** `google_data_fusion_instance_iam_policy` ([#4926](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4926))
* **New Resource:** `google_eventarc_google_channel_config` ([#4905](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4905))
* **New Resource:** `google_vertex_ai_index` ([#4923](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4923))
* **New Resource:** `google_vertex_ai_featurestore_entitytype_iam_binding` ([#4920](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4920))
* **New Resource:** `google_vertex_ai_featurestore_entitytype_iam_member` ([#4920](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4920))
* **New Resource:** `google_vertex_ai_featurestore_entitytype_iam_policy` ([#4920](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4920))

IMPROVEMENTS:
* anthos-fleet-management: added option `mesh: control_plane` to resource `google_gke_hub_feature_membership`. ([#4927](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4927))

> * bigquerydatatransfer: recreated `google_bigquery_data_transfer_config` for Cloud Storage transfers when immutable params `data_path_template` and `destination_table_name_template` are changed ([#4929](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4929))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* bigquerydatatransfer: made `google_bigquery_data_transfer_config` recreate for Cloud Storage transfers when immutable params `data_path_template` and `destination_table_name_template` are changed ([#4929](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4929))
```

* logging: added `cmek_settings` field to `google_logging_project_bucket_config` resource ([#4902](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4902))
* sql: added 'deny_maintenance_period' field for 'google_sql_database_instance' within which 'end_date', 'start_date' and 'time' fields are present. ([#4915](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4915))
* sql: added field `deletion_policy` to resource `google_sql_database` ([#4916](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4916))

BUG FIXES:
* alloydb: fixed permdiff on `display_name` of `google_alloydb_instance` ([#4925](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4925))
* compute: fixed a failure in updating `most_disruptive_allowed_action` on `google_compute_per_instance_config` and `google_compute_region_per_instance_config` ([#4898](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4898))
* compute: fixed the error when `metadata` and `machine_type` are updated while `metadata_startup_script` was already provided on `google_compute_instance` ([#4901](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4901))

> * container: fixed unable to update `authenticator_groups_config` on `google_container_cluster` ([#4918](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4918))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* container: fixed the inability to update `authenticator_groups_config` on `google_container_cluster` ([#4918](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4918))
```

> * container: throw exception if the data source `google_container_cluster` does not exist ([#4900](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4900))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* container: fixed the data source `google_container_cluster` to throw an exception if it does not exist ([#4900](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4900))
```

Reviewer 2: Edited slightly, from throw exception to return an error
